(DOCSP-99999): myTicket is great (#1128)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sync/errors.txt

   * - ErrorBadClientFileIdent
     - This error occurs when the client is using a {+realm+} file that the

>        server cannot access after you :doc:`terminate and re-enable

Author: nit: let's remove the `-` from "reenable"

```suggestion
       server cannot access after you :doc:`terminate and reenable
```
